---
comments: false
date: 2021-12-25
categories:
  - AUTONOMY
---

# Helios

**Hey friends!**

I've just deployed a **new build**.
It's a relatively minor update, mainly focusing on **bugfixes** and some other stuff.

Most notably, I've restored the option to turn off **Lighting** effects for machines with lower specs.
The setting is found in the options menu under the "visual" tab. If you've run into performance problems or experienced slowdowns on certain maps, I recommend turning these effects off and see if the issue persists.

**As always, I'm very eager to hear your feedback.** So please do let me know if you're experiencing any issues with the game.

On a related note: I've received reports that **achievements** won't unlock for some people. There's a chance that the issue has been fixed with the newly released build. However, since the problem didn't seem to affect everyone, it's hard for me to isolate the cause of the issue.

Around half of the achievements are unlocked in the course of a regular playthrough. 
In other words: **if you've finished an act and didn't get an achievement, it's reasonable to assume that you're affected by the issue, too.**

In any case, I'd very much like to hear from you whether you've run into any troubles in that regard. So please feel free to share your experiences either directly with me, or in one of the **discussion boards**.

With all that being said, I want to thank you again for your interest.
I'm a bit between projects at the moment and have to expend a significant portion of my brainpower to resist getting sucked back into working on TRACHI full time. On the flipside, the broad outline of the sequel is getting more and more pronounced, each day.

I've outlined a **preliminary roadmap** in the latest devlog on [trachi.net](trachi.net).
So please feel free to check that one out if you want to know where we're going.

In any case, I do hope you have an amazing set of holidays and I'm looking forward to speak to you again in 2022.

Much love
Nory

--------------------

**Changelog**

- Fixed several layering and tile issues, along with some typos
- Player inputs are no longer added to the message log
- Fullscreen setting in the options menu can now be toggled by pressing the OK button
- Added option to toggle Lighting effects
