---
comments: true
date: 2021-09-20
categories:
  - AUTONOMY
---

# STREAM SCHEDULE UPDATE (yes, all caps for this one)

Hey friends,
this will be a super short one.
And I apologize if I'm spamming your feed.
In any case, there's a slight adjustment to the** 1.3 release stream** hosted by the one and only [nyaro](https://www.twitch.tv/nyaro).

## The more, the merrier
The original plan had us split the stream in two sessions, starting Saturday the 25th.

But instead we'll start on Friday, the 24th, and then have** three sessions**** in tota**l.
This means that we'll have **one day per Act** and can fully focus on that.
In other words, it's gonna be a** full weekend of TRACHI** for you guys to enjoy.
So let's have another look at what's going to happen and when.

## FINALIZED SCHEDULE
**Friday, 24th September: ProAgon**
18:00-21:00 CEST
**Saturday, 25th September: InfiltrAtion** 
18:00-21:00 CEST 

**Sunday, 26th September: InfestAtion
** 14:00-19:00 CEST
<!-- more -->
As you might have gathered by now, I have a huge fascination for ancient Greece.
And this is more or less the way they handled the performance of tragedies in the [Dionysia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dionysia).
So I am super glad that we can go for this format, hehe.
As such, I want to express my biggest and most heartfelt thanks to all of the amazing people who are participating.

Thank you, **Areh**, **Aster**, **Cali**, **Cerby**, **Jase**, **Jerome**, **Soren** and **Ve**!
You're like family to me.

So before I get all teared up and write some hyper-sentimental stuff which I might regret...
I'll come to a close here.
But fear not, because I'll be back with a short preview of what's going down in Act 2!
Spoiler: A lot.

In any case, I'll see you in a day or two.

Much love
Nory
