---
comments: true
date: 2022-05-24
categories:
  - AUTONOMY
---

# APATHY: ENTHUSIASM

**Dr. Iosef Andreos
Facility 18-Ï€
**
## Intermediary Report
# Concerning Subject #811313
As expected, the arrival of Prof. Dimitris Antonis led to a range of groundbreaking results. The subject did not only respond positively to several of the substances the Professor proposed, but managed to recollect his episodes with outstanding accuracy. As unorthodox as Antonis' methods initially appeared, the results simply cannot be argued with. It is thus my recommendation to prolong the Professor's stay in this facility, at the very least until the staff has fully internalized the recent procedures.

**Responsiveness**
Subject #811313 was able to maintain superficial consciousness throughout almost every experiment conducted under Prof. Antonis' supervision. Unfortunately, however, traditional methods of reducing the patient's mental fortitude through physical trauma still remain unsuccessful. During the last months, we had to severely reduce the amount of regular interrogation sessions, as they turned out to be adversely affecting our efforts to further understand the nature of the subject's particular state, henceforth referred to as ENTHUSIASM.
Our current challenge is composed of weighing the extraction of information against a more thorough understanding of ENTHUSIASM as a phenomenon. For this reason, the college has decided to focus on the latter and forego any further attempts at third degree questioning until further notice. The primary reason for our decision lies in the fact that ENTHUSIASM is not only expected to play a significant role in the subject's ability to detach himself, but also a potential to perhaps utilize the positive effects of this particular state. I would thus ask the esteemed directorate to inform this facility whether our intended course is to be abandoned. If that should not be the case, we will proceed as outlined above.
**Reconvalescence**

As has been previously stated, any instance of physical trauma with a certain intensity suffices to trigger the detachment referred to as ENTHUSIASM. Since we have recently suspended any procedures in that general direction, our main efforts are aimed towards observing interdependencies between both opiates and stimulants with the aforementioned state. So far, stimulants are utilized to extend phases of wakefulness, whereas opiates mainly serve as a way to enforce periods of reconvalescence. As systematic medical use of both substances is to this day hardly prevalent, we are forced to primarily rely on first-hand observations. It would thus be highly advantageous if the directorate were to allow us access to the reports of studies conducted in other facilities. Appended is a list of known experiments and their subjects sorted by relevance for the present study.

**Stimuli**
Of the variety of substances we were able to field-test, a combination of amphetamine coupled with a biweekly administration of oxycodone has so far delivered the most consistent results. As pointed out by Dr. Schleiffer in his study on interdependencies, combining these two substances is however to be generally avoided due to a serious risk of fatality in case of misadministration. In addition, there has to my knowledge, still been no consensus established on the potential of oxycodone and other opiates in regards to creating a long-term dependence. For this reason, we are slowly reducing the patient's dose, even though it will also inadvertently affect the responsiveness of the patient to amphetamine. Instead, we will be re-examining the effects of mescaline, which proved to deliver extraordinary, but also hardly reproducible responses.

**Interviews**
In addition to the progress mentioned above. I have personally conducted more than 18 interviews with #811313. Barring a singular discrepancy outlined in the previous report, every description offered by the subject has proven to be authentic, at least according to our primary source. Contrary to the general opinion of some of my colleagues, I am firmly of the opinion that a non-invasive approach remains our best option to uncover the truth behind the events that led to operation arteria's ultimate failure. If my assumptions prove correct, the interviews are not only bound to lead to further insights into the subject's relation to his brother, but also the Commissariat for External Affairs as a whole. Ultimately, as I have been notified, the Secretary for State Security has a vested interest in verifying whether the current Undersecretary was aware of some of his agent's affiliation to foreign actos. So far, the subject has not offered any insights into this topic. I am however more than confident that - given a few more weeks - this is likely to change. I thus humbly ask the directory to permit a continuation of our present efforts.
