---
comments: true
date: 2021-09-24
categories:
  - AUTONOMY
---
# It's 6 AM in the morning, and I'm almost done
**Hey friends,**

I totally forgot to post the prog update here, as well.

And because it's pretty late (or early, depending on your definition, I'll just drop a link to the post on itch).

Now, a lot has happened over the past week.
So let me, quickly recapitulate:

There will unfortunately not be a release stream for 1.3, since we ran into some scheduling issues.
I'm sorry about that, but the entire thing kinda exploded in how many people are planning to participate.
So instead of delaying it a few weeks, we'll push it all the way to **mid-november**.

Why there, in particular, you ask?
Because I'm planning to drop **1.4, including Act 3**, around that time.

In other words: We'll go the entire distance.
Everything from the prologue to the end of **TRACHI: AUTONOMY**.
**All streamed with live voice overs.**

Now, we're still at the scheduling stage.
But this time, we'll have a lot more dates to play around with.

So I'm hoping, that with a bit of delay, we'll be more than able to make up for it.

**Speaking of delays...**
Just kidding.
**TRACHI 1.3 will be released tomorrow.**

I've spent the last few days play testing and everything looks in order, so far.
Right now, I'm mostly focussing on performance enhancements and applying a little extra polish here and there.

Beyond that, I've also implemented a bunch of extra features, like a new Save system, including Auto-Saves. 

Beyond that, there's other QOL things, such as important locations 
being highlighted during dialogue. And signposts all over Trachi, in 
case the player gets lost.

Oh and, I completely overhauled the naming system for NPCs. 
In more concrete terms: **Every NPC now has a unique first and last name**.
Yes, every single one of them (unless I forgot one or two, by mistake).

This means there will be no more abstract descriptions like: "Trader", "Man", "Guardsman" et cetera.
The names are for the most part semi-geographically inspired, mostly by south-eastern European handles.

Now, it might take a while to get used to that. I didn't count the 
total number of names, but I'd be surprised if it's much lower than a 
hundred.

But I'll keep tinkering with this system in the future, and also use
 this opportunity to have the player meet the same NPC several times 
during different stages of the game, with unique pieces of dialogue 
based on the previous meeting.

In any case, I'm happy that I get to give TRACHI more of a face. And
 I do hope that you consider this a neat addition to get immersed 
further.

On that note, there will also be an entirely new Title Screen.

And I've also reworked parts of the ProAgon to be more in line with 
the main game, again. This includes an almost entirely new OST, but also
 some structural stories, mainly in regards to the pacing.

Anyways, I think that about covers it in terms of technical changes.
If you're interested in the narrative side of things, I encourage 
you to check out the preview I posted at the beginning of this post.

There's a lot more to tell than what's in there.
But starting Saturday, you can be the judge of that.

As always, I hope you have a nice week and I'll probably be back with a short ring that 1.3 is up.

Until then
Much Love
Nory
