---
comments: true
date: 2021-06-04
categories:
  - AUTONOMY
---

# Where we @
Greetings,

I'm a day and a half early with this, but considering that the report schedule is all over the place anyway, I hope you guys don't mind too much.

In any case... I've been hammering at day three stuff pretty extensively over the last couple of days. This means that I had to fill in a bunch of scenes while rewriting and streamlining others. 

That being said, day three is now officially complete. At least in theory. I gotta say, I did get super emotional towards the end, seeing as a narrative that I've put more than six hundred hours into finally takes shape. I've grown incredibly fond of all the characters and at this point it feels like they've written themselves, for the most part.

But I'm digressing. 

I'll try and playtest the later stages of day 2 to day 3 over the couple of next days. Though I don't expect to run into a lot of trouble, this might however take some time.

While I'm doing this, though, I'll also try and work on the scenes of the entire game, especially in regards to things such as sound design. I put in a few effects here and there, when they were integral to the narrative. Going forward though, I expect that I'll be able to focus on more ambient sounds, as well as a few side-tracks. 

With that in mind, let's recapitulate what's still missing and where we are on the roadmap. The primary things, apart from those mentioned, consist of beautifying the maps, adding more NPCs and interactive objects in order to serve as exposition.

There's a lot of background information that doesn't really fit into the main narrative without making it too bloated. However, one of the most important things for me is to create a world which is believable in some sense. For that matter, there will eventually be tons of optional documents and other pieces of information for you to sift through, if you so desire.

In any case, though. Concerning future release dates, I likely stated every possible release scheme imaginable during the course of the individual prog reports. It's still not set in stone, but right now, I am very inclined to wrap up the main story and get it to a somewhat presentable format. Once that is done, I'd very much like to release a playable Alpha soonish. Mainly because I am itching very much to share with you the results of the past sixteen months. But also because I would very much appreciate your feedback.

I'll write more on this topic in the next progress report. Apologies that I haven't released much material as in screenshots and the like. Although the maps are getting to a point where I'm comfortable sharing them, I am kind of reluctant to share too much, still. Since a big portion of the game is the story and I'm still unsure as to what constitutes a spoiler and what not, I thus ask for your continued patience.

Oh and one last thing:

I've decided to split the progress reports and other stuff such as character backgrounds into two different sections. This means that those of you that are subscribed will get more notifications. I'm sorry about that. But I hope that since we're getting closer and closer to a release, this won't agonize you too much.


Alright, that it's for real now.

Have a splendid weekend and such.

Much love
