---
comments: false
date: 2023-12-21
categories:
  - ANARCHY
---

# Rendezvous (Beta)

### **Heyho, handsomes! 👋**

In preparation for the big bang on **December 28th**, a **preview build** has just been pushed to the **Public Beta Branch**. Everything from **Steam Stats** to **Achievements** and **Save Games** should be fully compatible. 

In other words: you can already get your hands on the **Steam Inventory Items** by launching ANARCHY's Beta Branch via [**Steam**](https://partner.steamgames.com/doc/store/application/branches). The biggest changes have already been covered in the [**previous announcement**](https://store.steampowered.com/news/app/2169000/view/3870344426754010190?l=english), though you can also find a more comprehensive list in the **changelog** below.

If you run into any issues – even down to less than optimal performance – please **leave a message** after the beep in this [**thread**](https://steamcommunity.com/app/2169000/discussions/0/3877093297627672205/).

## ANARCHY 0.1.4
#### **Major**
**Field Battles**
- ADDED **Combatant Spawners** that dynamically spawn enemies, effectively replacing Field Impostors. Respawns are still triggered via Monolith activation.
- ADDED **Auto Starting Battles** firing whenever you approach an enemy. Combatants from either faction within a certain range automatically join the battle.
- ADDED a **Field Grid** spanning the entire map so combat can happen anywhere.
- ADDED **Dynamic Deployment** that allows spawning in Group Members in a range of two cells around Lorna at Battle Start.**Variations**
- ADDED **Steam Inventory Items** (Princess, #801e1e, Erinys) as a requirement to equip variations.
- ADDED **Variation Equipment Slots** unique to each character. These display all available Variations, regardless of whether you fulfil the requirements to equip them.#### **Minor**
**General**
- ADDED **GameState "Conversation"** to disable the "Combat" Submenu.
- ADDED **Achievement "Paratrooper**", awarded for winning a battle in ParAdise.
- ADJUSTED **Main Menu BGM** from "New Horizon" to "Strength".
- ADJUSTED **Dialogue Lines** throughout ANARCHY.- FIXED **VariAtion** inconsistencies regarding Fragments.
- FIXED **MenuScreen** (including Save- & LoadMenu) States to properly close when the Menu Button is pressed or the scene is changed.**ParAdise**
- ADDED **Ladders** as interactable objects to ascend/descend Hills.
- ADDED a **SignPost** as interactable object to receive the Quest "OrientAtion".- REWORKED **Trees & Houses & (Lamp)Posts** into Game Objects to solve sprite layering issues and improve collision.
- REWORKED **Collider behaviour** in battles to fully Ignore Collisions between objects on the Combatant and Obstacle Layer.
- REWORKED **Pathfinding** into a coroutine running on the individual combatant to reduce unexpected behaviour when dialogue is being skipped.- ADJUSTED **Auto Save** to occur whenever a game is started, a battle / Fragment ends or a monolith was triggered instead of blindly saving whenever the scene is loaded.
- ADJUSTED **Lorna's ImmigrAtion sprite** from her 1918 version to a new set of 1913 sprites.
- ADJUSTED the **QuestBoard Interaction HUD** message from generic ("Examine") to "ToDo".
- ADJUSTED **Water Hue** to be a bit more blue.- DEBUG **Fragment Objects** are placed close to the Spawn Point for a more convenient testing experience.
Big huggies to whoever scrolled through all of this. 😘 

**much love**  
nory
